Junior Manager (Marketing)
Work From Home
At Bizycorp Pvt Ltd, we warmly invite eligible candidates to apply for this excellent work-from-home opportunity with a legitimate and growing company based in Sri Lanka.
If you are passionate about online events, podcasts, and marketing — and you are a charismatic, emerging leader who can inspire and guide a team toward achieving ambitious goals — then this position is perfect for you!
Job Responsibilities
Plan, execute, and host successful online events and podcasts in collaboration with healthcare professionals in the US and UK.
Design and implement effective promotional campaigns to achieve 200+ registrants per event.
Drive increased podcast downloads and create strategic interlinks to the sales funnel.
Reverse-engineer sales targets and develop actionable plans to meet or exceed assigned revenue goals.
Train and coach event and podcast team members to improve performance and quality.
Continuously improve existing processes and develop new, efficient workflows.
Develop and execute high-impact social media strategies.
Conduct team audits, strengthen accountability, and implement performance improvement measures.
Provide weekly progress reports directly to the CEO.
Manage and nurture partnerships with key stakeholders and collaborators.
​​
Expected Qualifications & Skills
2 to 3 years of marketing experience, including at least 1 to 2 years in a leadership or assistant managerial role.
Experience managing events, podcasts, or similar project-based work.
Strong knowledge of online marketing and basic analytics.
Experience guiding teams and working with cross-functional groups.
Strong troubleshooting and process-building skills.
Confident in leading partner calls and building rapport.
Strong communication, leadership, and planning skills.
Ability to work independently with little supervision.
Preferred
Experience in working in marketing agency setting
Experience with registrant acquisition strategies.
Experience with digital content growth or podcast promotion.
Comfort working on performance based targets and timelines.
Strong analytical mindset and ability to read simple performance data.
Benefits, Work Hours & Expectations
BizyCorp offers a compelling package:
Schedule your 8-hour workday within the specified time frame. Since we are 100% virtual, we can create a flexible work schedule for
4 hours during the day and 4 hours at night
.
Work-from-Home: Enjoy the convenience of remote work.
EPF/ETF: Enrollment in Sri Lanka’s employee provident and trust funds.
Legal Compliance: Adherence to the Sri Lankan Shop and Office Act.
Monthly remuneration -
Starting from: 100,000 - 120,000 LKR
(Inclusive of Basic + Fixed allowances).   with a potential increment after a 6-month probation.
Additional Perks include: Paid leave, selected training/certification programs, and performance-based annual rewards.
Global Exposure: Work with international clients and a diverse team of 250+ employees worldwide.
We do not offer part-time roles, so we only apply if you are serious about committing your full-time commitment to our company.
APPLY