SriLankan Airlines
Aircraft Technician/Senior Aircraft Technician
Vacancy Description
SriLankan Airlines Ltd, the national carrier of Sri Lanka operates with a network of destinations throughout Asia, the Middle East, Europe and Australia. The airlines has a strong presence in Maldives and Southern India. SriLankan is a member of the oneworld alliance.
Aircraft Technician is responsible to perform assigned maintenance tasks on aircraft, engines and components as directed by supervising authorization Holder or the monitoring Aircraft Maintenance Executive by adhering to safety and quality standards and Airworthiness authority requirements thereby contributing to company's operational work requirements and  customer airlines requirements  as a responsible, productive efficient team member.
Job accountabilities:
Perform scheduled Aircraft Maintenance tasks, defect rectification, repairs and replacement of parts under the supervision of the Engineer / Approval Holder in charge of the Aircraft, using approved data, correct materials and tooling efficiently in order to maintain airline schedules.
Communicate with supervising staff to obtain feedback of the progress of the tasks assigned any findings, observations or anomalies for effective completion of work. Provide necessary guidance to junior staff in order to develop their practical knowledge.
Carry out marshaling of aircraft/arrival & departure procedures, towing, aircraft docking according to approved procedures, and thereby ensure safe movement/repositioning of aircraft.
Maintain personal toolbox inventory according to regulatory requirements and due care is taken in handling common tools, equipment to prevent damages and ensure that tools are returned in serviceable condition, or any damages/discrepancies are informed prior to return to the Stores.
Ensure that all removed components are stored adhering to correct procedures and aircraft spares/consumables are returned as per the laid down procedures in order to prevent audit findings.
Maintain good housekeeping standards in the work area and within the aircraft confines thereby aircraft safety is enhanced, and a pleasant work environment is realized.
Ensure compliance with Company Safety Manual, Maintenance Organization Expositions (CAASL/EASA) and the Engineering Procedures when performing duties for effective work operations.
Responsible to ensure that recurrent training requirements for Maintenance Organization Procedures (MOP), Human Factors, Air Legislation, Fuel Tank Safety (FTS), Electrical Wiring Interconnection System (EWIS) are informed at least three months in advance to the relevant Aircraft Maintenance Executive using the approved Training Request Form.
Requirements
6 passes in G.C.E. O/L (Local or London) including 4 Credit passes (or equivalent), with credits for Mathematics, Science and English in one sitting except the Credit Pass for English which may be obtained in any sitting.
AND
02 years or more experience as an Aircraft Technician in pressurized turbine aircraft used in commercial operations and also, should have a minimum of six months active aircraft maintenance experience during the last 24 months.
AND
Successful completion of an approved course specified belo
w:
a)
A CAASL IS 147 or EASA Part 147 approved full-time basic aircraft maintenance course in category B1.1 or B2, conducted by a CAASL IS 147 or EASA Part 147 approved Aircraft Maintenance Training Organization (AMTO).
OR
b)
A full-time basic aircraft maintenance course approved by the competent authority of an ICAO member state and conducted by an organization approved by such authority, in categories B1.1 or B2. If the categories defined by the member state are different, such courses may be accepted only after review of the course outline by SriLankan Engineering Quality
OR
c)
A full-time basic and advance aircraft maintenance course (related to the specific trade applied for) conducted by an Aeronautical Military school. Such course is accepted only after review of the course outline by SriLankan Engineering Quality.
NOTE: Grade will be decided based on the number of years of experience as an Aircraft Technician and candidates’ performance at the interview.
The upper age limit should be 50 years as at the date of submission of the application.
Should be a Sri Lankan Citizen
Employment will be offered on fixed term contract.
Influencing will be a reflection of unsuitability.
We are an equal-opportunity Organization.
Please note that we will correspond with you in the event your application is shortlisted for consideration.
Category - Airline - Aviation
Start date - 06/25/2025
End date - 12/31/2025
https://recruit.srilankan.com/jobs/Careers/700027000024134486/Aircraft-Technician-Senior-Aircraft-Technician?source=CareerSite