Company Overview
Founded in 2014, and listed on the ASX since 2015, Superloop’s purpose is to enable better internet for Australian homes and businesses, by enabling challenger retail brands to take a larger share of the market, leveraging Superloop’s Infrastructure-on-Demand platform.
Superloop operates in three segments of the market: consumer connectivity, business network and security solutions, and wholesale connectivity, all of which leverage Superloop’s investments in physical infrastructure assets including fibre, subsea cables and fixed wireless, as well as Superloop’s software platforms. Hundreds of thousands of homes and businesses rely on Superloop everyday for their connectivity needs.
Visit
http://www.superloop.com
to learn more.
Business Unit Overview
Corporate Development & Smart Communities: Our Business Unit integrates Corporate Development, Infrastructure Delivery, and Smart Communities, and is accountable for driving strategic growth through a combination of acquisition, development, integration, and operations.
Through the Corporate Development function, we identify, assess, and execute strategic investments and M&A opportunities that accelerate our network reach, customer base, and capabilities. This includes full lifecycle responsibility — from origination, due diligence, and transaction execution through to post-acquisition integration.
We lead the design and deployment of FTTP and digital infrastructure into greenfield and smart community environments, partnering with developers and utility partners to enable the connected communities of tomorrow.
Key Responsibilities
Support the Solution Architects design and propose network solutions that meet the customer's needs and requirements.
Support the production of detailed design documents and technical solutions and prepare associated Bill of Materials.
Support the Solution Architect when working closely with the sales team to understand the customer's business objectives and challenges.
Support the Solution Architect to prepare and document a solution for implementation by a project manager and project resources.
Strong stakeholder management skills, including the ability to communicate strongly both in written and verbal form.
Ability to work remotely and unsupervised while contributing to the team through collaboration and ideas for improvement.
Qualifications and Experience
Experience in a technical delivery
Experience in deploying IT enterprise network solutions, large-scale Wi-Fi or FTTP, FTTB and fibre technologies with brands such as HPE Aruba, Ruckus, Juniper, Cisco, Nokia.
Understanding of networking and cabling knowledge, especially for installation scoping and upgrades.
Ability to obtain a successful police check suitable with the position of working in areas of Education, Defence, Government, Large Enterprise and Residential settings.
Equivalent certification to match the role and ensure compliance with applicable regulations and legislation.
If you are interested in applying for this position, please click on the below link
https://superloop-1733718881.teamtailor.com/jobs/6970155-pre-sales-solutions-support?promotion=1762902-trackable-share-link-pre-sales-solutions-support