Data Management Systems (Pvt) Ltd
Data Management Systems (Pvt) Ltd, (DMS) is a pioneering IT Company in Sri Lanka, now in its 49
th
year of operations. DMS represents the world’s leading IT brands and specializes in Systems Integration and Customized Software Solutions for Sri Lankan and overseas markets.
DMS provides the excitement of working with the world’s leading IT brands, financial solutions and learning from the most experienced managers and professionals in the IT industry.
DMS represents Diebold Nixdorf Inc. USA, the world leader in CRMs (Cash Recycling Machines) and ATMs (Automated Teller Machines) and while having implemented the following pioneering Projects, DMS is the market leader supporting an installed base of over 2000 CRMs and ATMs in Sri Lanka and the Maldives.
Introduced ATMs to the Maldives in 1999
First CRMs in Sri Lanka and in the Maldives
First Branch and Networked Bulk Cash Depositors in Asia Pacific.
First Envelope-less Cash Acceptance ATMs in Asia Pacific.
First Envelope-less Bulk Cheque Deposit ATMs in Asia Pacific.
First Networked Foreign Currency Conversion ATMs which accept foreign currency and dispense Sri Lanka Currency and Coins.
The following vacancies now exist for candidates living in and around Matara and Tangalle areas to provide field service and support for ATMs and Cash Recyclers in this area.
Engineering Service Executives for Matara and Tangalle areas (Male)
Career opportunities exist for disciplined, motivated, self-reliant persons in Field Engineering Services who possess a positive attitude and can work under minimum supervision after initial training.
Candidates should: -
Be under 27 years of age.
Have as a minimum a National Diploma in Engineering Sciences (NDES) or HNDE or NDT or similar qualification in Electronics Engineering or Mechatronics Engineering from a recognized institution.
Have knowledge of PC hardware and Windows software.
Selected candidates will be required to service and maintain ATMs & Cash Recyclers installed at various banks in the Matara and Tangalle areas.
Candidates should reside in the Matara or Tangalle Town or in close proximity and have a motorcycle or scooter together with the relevant riding license.
Successful candidates who perform to the Company's expectations have a career path with promotional prospects to Senior ATM Service Engineers, Team Leaders, Group Managers, Department Managers and beyond.
GENERAL
• The above position includes a negotiable salary.
Please E-mail your CV stating names and addresses of two referees to
careers@dmslanka2.com
. Indicate the post applied for as the Subject of your E-mail.