Company Overview
Founded in 2014, and listed on the ASX since 2015, Superloop’s purpose is to enable better internet for Australian homes and businesses, by enabling challenger retail brands to take a larger share of the market, leveraging Superloop’s Infrastructure-on-Demand platform.
Superloop operates in three segments of the market: consumer connectivity, business network and security solutions, and wholesale connectivity, all of which leverage Superloop’s investments in physical infrastructure assets including fibre, subsea cables and fixed wireless, as well as Superloop’s software platforms. Hundreds of thousands of homes and businesses rely on Superloop everyday for their connectivity needs.
At Superloop, we’re dedicated to creating a supportive and inclusive workplace where everyone feels safe, valued and empowered to be who they are. We actively embrace diversity and celebrate unique backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences of our team members. As an equal opportunity employer, we welcome applicants from all backgrounds to apply, regardless of gender, age, faith, ethnicity, nationality, sexuality, neurodiversity, or physical ability. We’re committed to ensuring that our hiring processes are accessible and inclusive for everyone interested in joining Superloop.
Visit
http://www.superloop.com
to learn more.
Role Purpose
We are looking for a Telecommunication Support Executive to effectively handle enquiries and order processing. From a Support perspective, providing quality service, technical support and information regarding our internet services, products and troubleshoot internet issues. This is a mid-volume call center position.
Key Responsibilities
The job responsibilities of this position are as follows but not limited to:
Perform various service qualification checks using advanced web based applications
Effectively respond to sales enquiries/ calls in a courteous, empathetic, and business-like fashion
Undertake sales orders and submit necessary applications for effective provisioning/delivery of services
Troubleshoot internet/ voice service issues and a basic knowledge in telecommunication technologies such as FTTN/X, FTTP/H, FTTC, FTTB, HFC, Fixed Wireless, Mobile 3G/4G LTE, home wireless broadband, ADSL, PSTN, VoIP.
Collaborate with our Products, Operations, and Quality teams to troubleshoot problems, improve processes, and ensure customer satisfaction.
Communicate with customers through inbound calls, outbound calls, chat, and email channels.
Assist new clients with their internet set-up; make suggestions as an industry expert and give an overall great first impression.
Use the provided knowledge base to research answers to customer inquiries and respond to customers with timely, accurate information.
Document customer needs, questions, interactions and suggestions for recording call/email notes in the appropriate CRM, tools or tracking systems.
Attend regular 1:1 coaching session with your supervisor to ensure you regularly meet key performance indicators, emphasis will be placed on NPS (Net promoter Score) and ASA (Average Speed of Answer).
Comply with telecom regulatory and compliance issues in Australia when providing end user assistance. Thorough training will be provided to effectively carry out your job, however, you should have the following essential requirements.
Qualifications and Experience
Degree in IT/ Sales/ Computer Networking; City & Guilds - Certificate in Electrical and Electronics Technology (IVQ Level 2) or Diploma in Electrical and Electronic Engineering (IVQ Level 3).
Edexcel BTEC HND in Telecommunication Engineering will be an added advantage.
Basic knowledge on computer networking such as basic networking theories, concepts and troubleshooting are a prerequisite.
Minimum 1+ years of customer care experience, live web-chat support or experience in a similar role.
Solid personal experience with personal selling and a flair for sales.
Experience in a Telco/ISP environment will be a distinct advantage.
Patience, courtesy and the ability to paying attention to ultimate detail.
Ability to work for extended periods of time.
If you are interested in applying for this position, please click on the link given below.
https://superloop-1733718881.teamtailor.com/jobs/6724606-telecommunication-support-executive?promotion=1703774-trackable-share-link-telecommunication-support-executive