Company Overview
Founded in 2014, and listed on the ASX since 2015, Superloop’s purpose is to enable better internet for Australian homes and businesses, by enabling challenger retail brands to take a larger share of the market, leveraging Superloop’s Infrastructure-on-Demand platform.
Superloop operates in three segments of the market: consumer connectivity, business network and security solutions, and wholesale connectivity, all of which leverage Superloop’s investments in physical infrastructure assets including fibre, subsea cables and fixed wireless, as well as Superloop’s software platforms. Hundreds of thousands of homes and businesses rely on Superloop every day for their connectivity needs.
Visit
http://www.superloop.com
to learn more.
Business Unit Overview
The Strategy and Transformation team develop strategies and implement tools, systems and processes to drive long-lasting business value and performance for Superloop. There are five key pillars to the Strategy and Transformation team including: data and analytics; strategy; transformation; PMO; and mergers and acquisitions. If you have a passion for making significant change and solving complex challenges in the telecommunications industry, come join our team at Superloop.
Role Purpose and Accountabilities
The Data and Analytics team is in the process of setting up its central data repository (Data Warehouse) and is looking for an experienced Data Engineer. In this role, you will play a crucial part in maintaining our data warehouse, including assisting with its initial setup and ongoing management of ETL processes and the integration of new data sources. In particular, the role will be accountable for
Be a conduit between analysts and system developers, collaborate with cross-functional teams to understand data requirements and design efficient data warehouse solutions.
Build and maintain data pipelines, ETL processes, and data ingestion workflows to ensure data accuracy, completeness, and reliability.
Perform data profiling, cleansing, and transformation to prepare data for analytics and reporting.
Monitor and optimize the performance of the data warehouse, addressing any issues or bottlenecks as they arise.
Ensure data security, compliance, and governance standards are met, including data encryption, access controls, and audit trails.
Collaborate with Data Analysts to support their analytical needs by providing clean and well structured data.
Stay up-to-date with industry best practices and emerging technologies to continuously improve data engineering processes.
Qualifications and Experience
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or a related field (or equivalent work experience).
SQL skills for data querying, manipulation, and optimization.
Proficiency in Python for scripting and automation of data processes.
Experience with Databricks is a plus.
Knowledge of data integration and orchestration techniques and tools.
Excellent problem-solving skills and attention to detail.
Strong communication and collaboration skills to work effectively with cross-functional teams.
Experience with telecom industry preferred.
If you are interested in applying for this position, Please click on the below link
https://superloop-1733718881.teamtailor.com/jobs/7078117-data-engineer?promotion=1797231-trackable-share-link-data-engineer