SriLankan Airlines
Business Systems Analyst
Vacancy Description
SriLankan Airlines Ltd, the national carrier of Sri Lanka operates with a network of destinations throughout Asia, the Middle East, Europe and Australia. The airlines has a strong presence in Maldives and Southern India. SriLankan is a member of the oneworld alliance.
Europe, and Australia. The Airline has a strong presence in the Maldives and Southern India. SriLankan is a member of the ‘oneworld’ alliance.
SriLankan IT Systems drives the airline’s IT strategy through digital transformation, technology adoption, data modeling, business intelligence, and business continuity. The focus is on transforming business and operational processes, expanding digital passenger reach, and improving customer experience through solutions design, development, and integrations while enhancing airline IT domain knowledge. Award-winning SriLankan IT team is seeking a dynamic individual to join as a Business Systems Analyst.
The individual is responsible for Providing analytical solutions to improve efficiency and productivity through the processes and features of Commercial and Finance Systems. Analyze the situations, prioritize and deliver the solutions and resolve issues using the external and internal resources assigned to the unit meeting agreed service levels.
Key responsibilities will include:
Identify and document business objectives, functional requirements, data models, technical architecture and dependencies with other IT systems. Assist the business managers in formulating a plan for acquiring packaged solutions or in sponsoring custom-made software development.
Participate in the preparation and execution of project implementation plans, Test plans and assist the project manager to meet the project targets.
Review the issues reported by the business users, analyze the issue, come up with prospective solutions and assist the supervisor to select the appropriate solution. Work with the team to deliver the agreed solution. Work with Oracle Inc to get the support requests resolved.
Effective adherence of CIS&PM (Corporate Information Security & Privacy Management Manual) by implementing and advocating security controls to safeguard information security of Information Assets.
Review the processes in the respective business areas, document them, and work to improve efficiency and effectiveness to achieve cost savings, revenue gains, or other benefits to the company.
Review the Oracle EBS implementation and other Commercial and Finance system implementations on a timely basis, recommend improvements, and work with the team to implement approved suggestions.
Set deliverables and targets for staff, closely supervise and follow up on their work, track progress, and regularly report on resource requirements.
Requirements
Bachelors’ Degree*in relevant field from a recognized University with a minimum of 01 years post qualifying Relevant Experience (*Engineering, Computer Science, General Science with Mathematics, Management Information Systems, Applied Statistics etc.)
OR
​
Full professional qualification equivalent to NVQ Level 07 with 03 years post qualifying experience in a relevant discipline.
Be a Sri Lankan citizen.
The upper age limit should be 35 years as of 20th February 2026, which is the closing date.
Employment will be offered on fixed term contract.
We are an equal opportunity organization.
Influencing will be a reflection of unsuitability.
Please note that we will correspond with you within a month of closing the advertisement in the event your application is shortlisted for consideration.
Category - Airline - Aviation
Start date - 02/10/2026
End date - 02/20/2026
https://recruit.srilankan.com/jobs/Careers/700027000029758320/Business-Systems-Analyst?source=CareerSite