SriLankan Airlines
Lead Business Systems Analyst
Vacancy Description
SriLankan Airlines Ltd, the national carrier of Sri Lanka operates with a network of destinations throughout Asia, the Middle East, Europe and Australia. The airlines has a strong presence in Maldives and Southern India. SriLankan is a member of the oneworld alliance.
SriLankan Airlines Ltd, the National Carrier of Sri Lanka operates with a network of destinations throughout Asia, the Middle East, Europe, and Australia. The Airline has a strong presence in the Maldives and Southern India. SriLankan is a member of the ‘oneworld’ alliance.
SriLankan IT Systems drives the airline’s IT strategy through digital transformation, technology adoption, data modeling, business intelligence, and business continuity. The focus is on transforming business and operational processes, expanding digital passenger reach, and improving customer experience through solutions design, development, and integrations while enhancing airline IT domain knowledge. Award-winning SriLankan IT team is seeking a dynamic individual to join as a Business Systems Analyst.
The individual is responsible for Leading IT Business Systems team to deliver effective IT solutions and services to business requirements through constant communication and engagement.This includes ensuring maximum usage of existing solutions and introducing new solutions to improve productivity, efficiency, and effectiveness of the job function for the financial year. The role is also essential in strengthening the airline’s operational functions within its evolving IT landscape by addressing gap-analysis, quality assurance, and audit concerns, while supporting digital transformation across critical domains such as passenger services, cargo, flight operations, and maintenance.
Key responsibilities will include:
Be innovative and introduce new technologies, processes and solutions to increase user experience. Coordinate with the internal users and users of shared service partners and maintain continuous communication for user and management updates.
For systems solutions, ensure that business objectives, functional requirements, data models, technical architecture and dependencies with other IT systems are identified and documented. Assist the business managers in formulating a plan for acquiring packaged solutions or in sponsoring custom-made software development. Functional domain knowledge in your area is essential.
Manage the delivery of solutions and, using the analytical and software engineering resources allocated to the project, achieve the targets of quality, cost benefits and timescales. Project follow up, daily, weekly with relevant parties and provide regular updates to IT Business Systems Management. Review project status, progress, documentation and methods and introduce improvements as necessary. Regularly review resource requirements and ensure quality assurance practices are applied throughout the project lifecycle.
Set deliverables and targets for project staff, closely supervise both the staff and their work, and conduct performance appraisals at appropriate times and identify their training and development needs. Provide the required leadership to your subordinates.
Effective adherence of CIS&PM (Corporate Information Security & Privacy Management Manual) by implementing and advocating security controls to safeguard information security of Information Assets.
Help the line managers review business plans and objectives with business managers to update and agree the detailed work program. Assist line management in the detailed definition of projects and in producing resource, infrastructure and investment plans. Assist Line Managers manage the relationships with external suppliers and internal specialist groups, agreeing with the plan, deliverables, and timescales for the services to be provided.
Conduct regular reviews of services provided from operational systems and to devise update and progress enhancement programs. Provide consultancy services to business managers in analyzing new areas of potential benefits through process and systems improvement. Incident management, assist MITBS (IT Business Systems Management) and users with analysis to prevent frequent incidents and provide permanent solutions. Assist business managers in making the business case for any investments recommended in additional services or in new systems and infrastructure.
Requirements
Bachelor's Degree * in relevant field from a recognized University with a minimum of 04 years post qualifying Relevant Experience (* Engineering, Computer Science, General Science with Mathematics, Management Information Systems, Applied Statistics etc.)
OR
Full professional qualification equivalent to NVQ Level 07 with 06 years post qualifying experience in a relevant discipline.
Be a Sri Lankan citizen.
The upper age limit should be 35 years as of 23rd February 2026, which is the closing date.
Employment will be offered on fixed term contract.
We are an equal opportunity organization.
Influencing will be a reflection of unsuitability.
Please note that we will correspond with you within a month of closing the advertisement in the event your application is shortlisted for consideration.
Category - Airline - Aviation
Start date - 02/13/2026
End date - 02/23/2026
https://recruit.srilankan.com/jobs/Careers/700027000030279275/Lead-Business-Systems-Analyst?source=CareerSite