Data Management Systems (Pvt) Ltd
Data Management Systems (Pvt) Ltd, (DMS) is a pioneering IT Company in Sri Lanka, now in its 49th year of business operations. While partnering the world’s leading IT Co’s, DMS specializes in Systems Integration and Customized Software Solutions for Sri Lankan and overseas markets
DMS provides the excitement of working with the world’s leading IT brands, Financial solutions and learning from experienced managers and professionals in the IT industry.
DMS represents the World’s leading American IT Co’s IBM, HP, Oracle, Microsoft, Diebold Nixdorf, Entrust-Datacard, Cisco and VMWare and has been the first to implement many cutting-edge technology solutions in Sri Lanka for over 48 years.
The following vacancy currently exists in the Banking and Financial Systems Strategic Business Unit (SBU) of DMS.
Vacancy:
Software Engineer (Male)
Applicants should be under 28 years of age and possess a Computer Science / Software degree from a recognized University / Institute and have a desire to pursue a career in Software Development and Support.
Candidates for these positions should have:
Working knowledge in C#, .NET Framework, Web Forms, JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3 and PostgreSQL.
A willingness to learn new things, and have the ability to Understand Programming Logic.
Strong ability to reverse engineer code and the ability to read and understand code written by others.
A good grasp of OOP design concepts and functional programming concepts.
Ability to suggest innovative ideas and find solutions to problems on their own.
Have the ability to interpret new SDK references and documentation.
Experience in using Linux and Microsoft Windows servers, drivers, their functions etc.
If selected for an interview, applicants should be able to Demonstrate All Above Listed Capabilities with Examples from academic & internship or work related projects completed.
Job Profile Includes the following: -
Customer requirement gathering.
Planning, Design and Implementation of software applications, including UI design and writing code according to given specifications.
Working as part of a team, which may be established for a specific project.
Preparing documentation for developed programs.
Testing sample data-sets to check that the program works as intended.
Other general IT related tasks.
Benefits:
Attractive remuneration packages based on qualifications and experience.
Comprehensive medical insurance upon confirmation.
How to Apply:
Email your CV along with the names and addresses of two referees to
careers@dmslanka2.com
. Please specify the position you are applying for in the subject line of the email.