SriLankan Airlines
Metrologist
Vacancy Description
SriLankan Airlines Ltd, the national carrier of Sri Lanka operates with a network of destinations throughout Asia, the Middle East, Europe and Australia. The airlines has a strong presence in Maldives and Southern India. SriLankan is a member of the oneworld alliance.
The incumbent is responsible to execute assigned operational functions of the calibration laboratory of SriLankan Engineering by fulfilling the regulatory and organizational requirements and executing its functions in an efficient and timely manner to the satisfaction of its internal/external customers and to take over the assigned responsibilities in the absence of Senior Metrologist.
Job Accountabilities
To implement, design calibration systems, procedures, and methods according to Calibration Laboratory Manager’s requirements to extend laboratory’s scope of accreditation
To implement, review and validate software used in calibration laboratory processes to ensure minimum turnaround time and improved accuracy of calibration results
To execute internal and external quality assurance plans to meet regulatory and organizational requirements
Conduct technical and quality audits of the laboratory to verify the traceability of measurement results and compliance with published standards and guidelines to ensure that the laboratory processes are in line with the regulatory and organizational requirements
Maintain existing calibration systems and procedures based on the principles of measurement science, technical analysis of measurement problems and precision requirements.
Periodic review of documents and records required for efficient execution of laboratory functions.
Requirements
Bachelor of Engineering (1) in Aircraft/Aerospace/Mechanical/Mechatronics/ Electrical and/or Electronic) or Bachelor of Science in Physical/Applied Sciences with two years of relevant post qualifying experience.
OR
Full professional qualification equivalent to NVQ level 7(2)  in the field of aircraft/Aerospace/Mechanical/Mechatronics/ Electrical and/or Electronic), with three years of relevant post-qualifying experience.
Note:
1. Qualification shall be awarded through an educational institute recognized by the University Grants Commission of Sri Lanka.
2. Qualification shall be awarded through an educational institute recognized by the Tertiary and Vocational Education Commission of Sri Lanka.
Age to be not more than
50 years
as at
07th March 2026
which is the closing date.
Be a SriLankan Citizen.
Employment will be offered on fixed term contract.
Influencing will be a reflection of unsuitability.
We are an equal opportunity Organization.
Please note that we will correspond with you within a month of closing the advertisement in the event your application is shortlisted for consideration.
Category - Airline - Aviation
Start date - 02/25/2026
End date - 03/07/2026
https://recruit.srilankan.com/jobs/Careers/700027000030634480/Metrologist?source=CareerSite