Data Management Systems (Pvt) Ltd
Data Management Systems (Pvt) Ltd, (DMS) is a pioneering IT Company in Sri Lanka, now in its 49th year of business operations, partnering the world's leading IT Co’s. DMS specializes in Systems Integration and Customized Software Solutions for Sri Lankan and overseas markets
DMS provides the excitement of working with the world's leading IT brands, Financial solutions and learning from experienced managers and professionals in the IT industry.
DMS represents the World's leading American IT Co's IBM, HP, Oracle, Microsoft, Diebold Nixdorf, Entrust-Datacard, Cisco and VMWare and has been the first to implement many cutting-edge technology solutions in Sri Lanka for over 48 years.
The following vacancies now exist for candidates living in and around Rathnapura and Balangoda areas to provide field service and support for ATMs and Cash Recyclers in this area and only candidates residing in Rathnapura and Balangoda areas should apply.
Engineering Service Executives for Rathnapura and Balangoda areas (Male)
Career opportunities exist for disciplined, motivated, self-reliant persons in Field Engineering Services who possess a positive attitude and can work under minimum supervision after initial training.
Candidates should: -
Be under 27 years of age.
Have as a minimum a National Diploma in Engineering Sciences (NDES) or HNDE or NDT or similar qualification in Electronics Engineering or Mechatronics Engineering from a recognized institution.
Have knowledge of PC hardware and Windows software.
Selected candidates will be required to service and maintain ATMs & Cash Recyclers installed at various banks in the Rathnapura and Balangoda areas. Only those who wish to pursue a career in self-service banking devices should apply.
Candidates should reside in the Rathnapura or Balangoda Town or in close proximity and have a motorcycle or scooter together with the relevant riding license.
Successful candidates who perform to the Company's expectations have a career path with promotional prospects to Senior ATM Service Engineers, Team Leaders, Group Managers, Department Managers and beyond.
GENERAL
• The above position includes a negotiable salary.
Please E-mail your CV stating names and addresses of two referees to
careers@dmslanka2.com
. Indicate the post applied for as the Subject of your E-mail.